---
layout: post
title: "Next-level grant writing using AI assistants"
author: "Lisa Marchioretto"
categories: events
tags: [events]
image: ai.png
---

## When
29-30 July 2024 from 9am to 4:30pm

## Where
* Quadram Institute Bioscience - UG55 Lecture Theatre
* Online - Zoom (link will be shared with registrars closer to the event)

## Who
This training is co-organised and co-sponsored by the QIB and the [Food Safety Research Network](https://fsrn.quadram.ac.uk/).

## What
Designed for researchers and support staff, this training will guide you through harnessing AI tools to streamline literature review process, brainstorm winning research strategies, and craft compelling grant proposals that stand out from the crowd. 
From generating engaging text for cover letters and social media to optimising your scientific writing, you'll discover how AI can save you time and bring your grant applications to the next level. Join us and experience the future of grant writing today!
 
## The Trainer
Prof. Dr. Daniel Mertens is a highly accomplished scientist working on leukemia; he leads two research groups, one at the German Cancer Research Centre (DKFZ) in Heidelberg and one at the University Hospital Ulm. 
He has authored many publications that have been cited over 5,500 times, and has received more than €6 million in grants from external third-party funders for his research while coordinating international research networks. 
Since 2011, Prof. Mertens has been training scientists, physicians, administrators, and staff in transferable skills, with over 5,000 participants taking part in his workshops across Europe, the USA, and Africa.

## Programme
A detailed programme will be available a bit closer to the event.

## Registration
Participation is free, but registration is compulsory. We have 100 spaces to attend in person, and 70 spaces to attend online.
If you want to attend, please [click here to register](https://forms.office.com/e/r313v3kVNw).