---
layout: post
title: "A welcome post"
author: "Lisa Marchioretto"
categories: documentation
tags: [documentation,sample]
image: ai.jpg
---

At Quadram Institute Bioscience, we recognise that the key to unlocking groundbreaking discoveries lies in the power of collaboration. By investing in the skills and capabilities of our scientists, project managers, programme coordinators, and grants administrators, we aim to create a vibrant ecosystem where innovative ideas can flourish. Together, we will explore cutting-edge research opportunities and gain access to EU funding streams, forging alliances with counterparts at top European institutes working in fields that align with our expertise in nutrition, microbiome, and food safety.
Mark your calendars for two upcoming events that promise to be both enlightening and empowering:

* Horizon Europe Workshop (13-14 June): an immersive workshop focused on the EU's flagship research and innovation programme. The goal is to gain valuable insights into the funding landscape, key priorities, and strategies for crafting successful proposals. This event is an excellent opportunity to engage with experts and acquire the knowledge and skills necessary to look for, secure and manage substantial EU funding for your research.
   
* AI-Assisted Grant Writing Workshop (29-30 July): In an era where innovation and efficiency are paramount, we will explore the potential of artificial intelligence (AI) in grant writing. This workshop will introduce you to AI tools that can streamline the funding application process, enhancing the quality and competitiveness of proposals. 

We understand that collaboration knows no boundaries, and that's why our events will be held in a hybrid format. Whether you choose to join us in person or virtually, we welcome participants from European institutions whose research interests align with ours. If you are a scientist, project manager, programme coordinator, partnership manager, grants administrator, project officer, or assistant, we invite you to reach out to us. Should places be available, we would be delighted to have you join our events, where you can engage with experts, network with peers, and gain invaluable knowledge and skills.

Together, let us build bridges, share knowledge, and support one another in the pursuit of groundbreaking research.